>> Erik Reinert: We need to run
the database migrations, right?
Now what we need to do is we need to
get back to the CI, CD part of things.
We've run everything we really need to
from an infrastructure perspective, right?
And we've even set up the database
credentials and all that kinda stuff.
But there's actually two
things we haven't done,
which is we haven't, again, set up the CI.
But we also need to make sure that
we update the Google Cloud URL,
right, in the credentials
to the new URL as well.
Because if we're using those credentials
in a new environment with a new URL,
it'll be broken, right?
So what we'll have to do is
go to our distribution or
our CloudFront, go here, right,
copy this distribution name,
then go to CloudConsole, right?
Go to Console, go in here,
go to Credentials, and then click on this.
Now, I'm not gonna click it because
yesterday I realized when I click it,
it docks the secret and the key, which
is why I had to delete them so quick and
I ran over here.
So I'm not gonna click it, but again,
this is the part where you go click, add
the redirect URI for the new environment,
save it, and then it'll be good to go.
>> Male Speaker 1: It's only
needed to actually log in, right?
>> Erik Reinert: Yes.
>> Male Speaker 1: It's not needed for
the front page?
>> Erik Reinert: No, it's not.
Yeah, exactly.
So in this case,
it's totally fine if it's broken.
For our use case, yeah,
it's gonna be fine that it's broken.
[LAUGH] Just to save time, yeah,
we're not gonna go too deep
into troubleshooting and stuff.
But I went ahead and
added it since I was right there anyway.
Okay, cool.
So that was the first
thing we needed to do.
The next thing we need to do is we need
to add some automation for some stuff.
Cool.
So I'm gonna do git commit -m
feature added service automation.
I went ahead and pushed that up just to
kinda give myself a little bit of a clean
environment for what we're gonna do next.
And so what I wanna do next is I
actually want to create an entire new
file inside of
the github/workflows directory.
Now the reason why I'm going to do that is
because we want to run more automation.
What automation do you
think we want to run?
>> Male Speaker 1: Migrations.
>> Erik Reinert: Not just migrations.
No, not just that.
It's not related to the service per se.
>> Male Speaker 1: The Terraform thing?
>> Erik Reinert: The Terraform,
yeah, exactly.
We want to run the Terraform.
So we want Terraform and
our deployments to go out, right?
We want everything to go
out of this repository.
So what we want to do is we want to
add all of the pipeline jobs and
everything for running Terraform.
Now, I'm not going to go into super
detail on this, but to explain it.
And again, you're really seeing a lot
of repeated things here, right?
You're seeing the concurrency thing
that we talked about earlier so
that deployments don't block, or so
deployments block each other, right?
You're seeing the runs on ubuntu-latest,
right?
The only thing that's new is
we're setting up Terraform and
we're running Terraform commands.
So that's really it.
We're setting up Terraform and
running Terraform commands.
So we do a check to make sure
that we have formatting.
Everything's formatted properly and
validated, right?
And then we run plan,
which just does init and plan, right?
Note the upload-artifacts.
So remember earlier how I told you
you can like take a TF plan and
then like upload it somewhere and then use
it in a different job or somewhere else?
That's exactly what we're doing here.
And then we do on Apply if refs/head/main,
so we only apply on main, right?
Even though the service
deploys on both staging and
production, the Terraform will only
ever need to be ran once on Main.
So we don't need to let that run on
any other branch for Apply than Main.
So that's exactly what we do.
We then check out the code,
download the artifact, and
then run the TF plan, Apply or
Terraform Apply with the TF plan file.
And boom, there we go.
We are all set again.
It's a pretty big file.
Just to save time,
I'm going to go quickly through that.
But if you want to see more of it,
feel free to go through the file
itself in the repository.
But the end effect should
be feature added Terraform
jobs is if I push this up and
then I go to our branch.
Now I'm actually going
to go to our branch.
>> Erik Reinert: We will see a whole
new job running called Terraform.
You can see now it's actually
initializing the Terraform.
Remember, we already have
AWS credentials in GitHub.
We did that yesterday.
So this goes back to that whole
dogfooding what we've already created and
making it so that we can just
reuse things we've already done.
In this case, we've already added
the credentials to connect to Amazon and
all that stuff so
we could just reuse it for the terraform.
And because the credentials are or
allow everything,
we don't really have to worry about
permissions or anything like that either.
It'll do everything we need.
But now we are shipping code and
building and testing code in one workflow,
and then in another workflow we
are running the exact same terraform
commands that you saw me run locally.
There we go.
You'll see that apply skips.
You already understand how we do the don't
and do run jobs and stuff like that.
I don't think I need to
go super deep into that.
You just need to know that
the apply job was skipped and
it did it because we expected it to.
Cool.
Awesome.
Again, you'll note that
even though that ran,
we still are running our build and deploy.
It's going through the actual process
of building our image and everything.